Jennifer Hunter - Personal Soul Guide Consultation
Fri, Feb 6, 2026

0:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, Jennifer.

0:54 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
There we go.

0:55 - Unidentified Speaker
There we go.

0:59 - Chris Birky
Hi, sorry. One more.

1:01 - Chris Birky
What are you sorry for? I'm sorry for being late.

1:04 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Oh, you're good. You're good. You're good. I just kind of like, you know, I knew I was going to be driving, so I just kind of clicked on the link. And so I don't even know what was going on. But trying to get to a place where I can, like, just not be driving. But for now, I'll have to be driving.

1:17 - Chris Birky
That's fair.

1:19 - Chris Birky
When you park, I'll ask you to turn on the camera.

1:22 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
OK, I will.

1:24 - Chris Birky
Until then, drive safely. That's the most important piece. So how goes it? It's Friday.

1:31 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
It's fucking terrible.

1:33 - Chris Birky
Oh shit. All right. So having a terrible day. What about the week? Has the week been terrible?

1:44 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Even worse.

1:47 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
So my husband basically wants a divorce.

1:53 - Chris Birky
And this just just came out this week?

1:57 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, we haven't been great. Like we've, we've, we've been married almost 20 years. But it's been, it's been a difficult relationship, especially since we had children 11 years ago, we have twins. And so you know, I You know, I feel like he's been kind of emotionally abusive for all of that time. And I spend a lot of time trying to keep the peace and trying to do what he what I feel like will make him happy, which seems like never enough. And so I, you know, he he would kind of throw out threats. So I met with a couple of divorce attorneys last year just to I mean, because he kept throwing all this legalese at me and I was like, I don't think dude knows what he's talking about like I'm gonna find out what what's real and what's not when we were talking about divorcing and so uh there was one that I hadn't consulted but I was going to with things started getting worse and you know he just he just kind of goes on these tirades and lectures me for hours and I just can't take it anymore so I called the one I was going to use and I found out that she already So that was just very jarring. And so that was Wednesday. And so the long and short of it, I haven't looked at anything because I'm emotionally not doing very well at all, like barely functioning. And he says, you know, I've driven given basically I've given you everything you take everything and and blah blah and I still want to be with you mm-hmm so a little background I'm a physician he's about to become a CEO pretty soon of the company that's I mean he's probably about to make a lot of money so I think I mean I think it's he's basically saying it's financially motivated in you know he doesn't me going crazy and financially ruining him because he has to take care of his parents because they don't have any money and then his nephew that he feels financially responsible for so that that's what he's telling me is this is just all the information I'm getting from him and that he still wants to be with me and I'm like I don't even know what like end is up right now.

4:37 - Chris Birky
Okay so on top of of, you know, the grief of just even thought of divorce, there's also some confusion professionally as well.

4:50 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Yeah, I don't know. I'm just confused. I feel and I feel, yeah, he was like, it was very sneaky to go get all this plan together because he knew he knew I would just, you know, he knew I wouldn't handle it well emotionally. And here we are. Mm hmm.

5:11 - Chris Birky
Are

5:13 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
like therapist counselor Yeah, I hadn't been for a long time I mean I have in the past on and off between the kids going and marriage counseling I hadn't seen anybody in probably two years, so I just had just Found a where he actually found his therapist found this person I just visited with them for the first time Okay, and how did that experience go? Well, you know, the first, you know, first session. Yeah, it's just an intro. Intro, but I mean, you know, she said she's very worried about me. I told her that I was looking into this program that you guys have, and she said that she thinks that I need to do something like that, like now.

5:58 - Chris Birky
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.

6:02 - Chris Birky
Yeah, because, you know, an intensive like this, custom around you. We do like years of work and in three to five days.

6:15 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, it's I will be anything you tell me right now because I don't know what else to do.

6:20 - Chris Birky
Well, I will never do. I will never persuade you in a direction.

6:30 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Yeah, no, I wasn't suggesting that, but it sounds good to me.

6:34 - Chris Birky
I'll simply provide you suggestions and guidance and answer questions and you get to make a decision if it feels in alignment.

6:44 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
That sounds fair.

6:46 - Chris Birky
And at the end of it, I'm going to be a hardcore salesperson.

6:51 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I'm kidding. You're not, you're not gonna have to work that hard on me. I need, I need to like get out of here because I'm about, I mean, I'm, I'm picking up my kids they get out at it's 345, I I'm barely able to like brush my teeth So your nervous system shot Where else does it manifest for you? I mean everything I can't I'm just Just in so much pain and so I just feel like I can't do anything I I feel like just paralyzed.

7:33 - Chris Birky
Um, what about sleep and eating?

7:36 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Oh, I haven't eaten since Tuesday. And sleep is not he's still sleeping in my bed. It's just, it's so weird. It's so bizarre and I don't get it.

7:52 - Chris Birky
More confusion.

7:54 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I don't know what to do with myself. I don't know if I should tell him to get the hell out of there. Never talk to me again or should I consider this proposal or what? Okay, okay. But I don't, I don't, I don't feel mentally like stable enough to make any big decisions right now. So that's where I was hoping you guys could help me.

8:20 - Chris Birky
Yeah, I mean, unfortunately, but fortunately, you know, almost every one of our clients finds us and very similar state just kind of like at the end of the rope and and I say unfortunately because unfortunate you know clients find us at that state but fortunately because you know that's where we you know our expertise really shines okay so you know part of this discussion is to help me understand you know what it is you know in what sessions and what practitioners would be most pertinent to support you based on your and where you're currently at. And so, you know, throughout this call, we're gonna, you know, it's just helping me understand you a little bit more, Jennifer, and, you know, help me Guide the sessions that I choose for you.

9:07 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Because we have- You can turn on your camera now, or I can turn on my camera now, I'm parked.

9:13 - Chris Birky
Okay, cool. Glad you're safe. It's okay, I'm gonna ask you to. It'll say, host asking to start camera.

9:22 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Oh, my God, I got to do the settings thing. Okay, there we go.

9:28 - Chris Birky
Approve Zoom to use your camera. We got two of you. You're back at it.

10:26 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
There we go.

10:28 - Unidentified Speaker
We did it.

10:29 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I did it.

10:32 - Chris Birky
Nice to see you.

10:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks for getting there safely. Appreciate that.

10:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, yes.

10:41 - Chris Birky
All right. So, what, like, in the ideal world for you, what would a successful retreat look like,

10:56 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I don't know. I have no idea about any of this stuff. Just finding myself kind of looking into this for the first time. You know, I'm almost 50. So number one, I, I can't stay at home because I feel like I'm not very good parent right now. I feel like I'm just kind of broken. And so I don't want my kids to see me like that. I mean, I think we have both agreed that we don't want, we want this to be as non-impactful to the children. Yeah, possible. So I feel like I need to get out of there. And then I need to figure out who I am without this person. And I mean, am I gonna agree to stay with this person even though he wants to divorce me? I mean, I'm angry because I I, you know, we've been married 20 years, I had the higher income for the first 15 of it and just helped him build and build and build. And then now that he's about to take off, I guess I'm kicked out and he still wants to stay with me. I don't get it, but he says, it's just, um, it's a business decision. And I don't feel, I don't want him. I don't want to be a business decision.

12:20 - Chris Birky
You

12:22 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Yeah, I do. And I mean, I just feel embarrassed. I don't want to tell people this. I mean, I'm grateful he didn't have an affair. That was always my biggest fear.

12:36 - Chris Birky
But abandonment's pretty big, too. Is there.

12:43 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I just kind of isolated myself.

12:46 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Mm hmm.

12:49 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
My support system isn't very big. So I just, yeah, I just need a place to not be here.

13:02 - Chris Birky
Is there a period of time where, like, abandonment has been present elsewhere?

13:09 - Chris Birky
Other childhood?

13:14 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Not parents, no. A previous relationship that six-year relationship was an engagement. And then, um, Tim, my current husband, I guess you'd call him, he moved out for a month in 2009. And that was like one of the worst And I spent the whole time just wanting him to come back. But I don't know if that's the right thing now, because I just feel like, am I going to even be able to respect myself if I agree to this? I feel like if he loved me as much as he says he does, then why would he want to divorce me and live in that same house? With me and you know and just so I want that and just so I clarify the agreement the agreement was that you guys live in the same house but be divorced I mean I think that's eventually what he's gonna he wants to do but yeah I haven't looked at the agreement but the agreement basically says he says that it's just very generous you know This kids would are going to be 50-50. We've always, I mean, we don't, we're not going to jack around and try to use the kids against each other. But he's saying, I still love you. I still feel like you're my soulmate. I don't want to not be with you. And he's like, I just see it. Maybe we get married again with a prenup or something. And I'm like, but there's postnup. Like, I don't want your money. I don't want your money. And I mean, good God, like he just thinks so much of himself. I just, with Like he'll cut me out and just put a crown on his head the size of Montana. I mean, it's just his ego has gotten large and it's it's hard it's hard to hard to keep up with that because He thinks he's right about everything and I mean my opinion Stop mattering my feelings not mattering a long time Part of me thinks maybe he's saying all of this because he wants me to not make the divorce acrimonious Which would be super shitty Okay This is your first divorce first marriage yes, yes Okay And when I guess I tell me a little bit about spirituality what's that mean not I mean I believe in God and stuff I don't go to church okay I'm only asking so we don't impede on your belief systems that's all we're pretty we're pretty neutral yeah I'm pretty neutral too okay So it sounds like you're looking to do something pretty quickly.

16:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Like

16:40 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Like today.

16:41 - Chris Birky
I think we could literally get something going this weekend if you wanted to.

16:49 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, I, I, I think so if we could, because I'm, I don't know what else to do really.

17:02 - Chris Birky
How many days do you want to be with us? I'm curious.

17:05 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
So, I mean, it would have to be three because I work on Wednesday. I'm supposed to meet with a divorce attorney on Tuesday, but I could move that meeting. But so, cause it's a three day minimum. Is that what they were telling me?

17:20 - Chris Birky
Yeah, it is three days minimum.

17:22 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
So like if I flew out and that doesn't count, Like, so three full day, like, yeah, it doesn't. So we can, I need a day on either side.

17:34 - Chris Birky
But you know, if you needed to, you could fly out on the last day. Uh, some clients do that when after their sessions on the last day, it just makes for a busy day for them. But sometimes that's the only way that it can work. So that's an option if you wanted to.

18:00 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I would have to fly out or if, I mean, if we started it tomorrow, if I could get there tomorrow, would that be safe? No, it's still, that would be me getting there tomorrow.

18:12 - Chris Birky
So if you got, if you travel tomorrow, we did the retreat Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, um, you know, then you can head out, do like a, an evening on Tuesday. So you're ready for Wednesday.

18:26 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I could do that.

18:29 - Chris Birky
Um, any, uh, physical stuff I should be conscious of, like physical limitations or?

18:37 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
No, I'm, I've got full mobility, but yeah, I am. And I'm usually very active with exercise and stuff. I'm, I'm not in a good place, so I don't know what I'll feel like doing physically, but I'm able to, I might enjoy it if I'm in a place to do that mentally.

18:57 - Chris Birky
I mean, I'm only asked because we do some really cool hiking heels, where we're just out in nature, you're doing your healing work out in nature rather than in an office.

19:07 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Yeah, yeah, no, that would be good.

19:10 - Chris Birky
We're not testing your endurance either.

19:11 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
No, yeah, no, I know, I know. No, but I could enjoy that.

19:22 - Chris Birky
Is there anything that's like off limits that you just like, or don't want to do. We have 170 different sessions that we work with shamans and we work with psychics and mediums and astrology and human design and all that kind of stuff. Is that pertinent, not pertinent?

19:42 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I got you. I don't feel like I'm advanced to that level yet.

19:54 - Chris Birky
I tend to be more practical myself. I just want, I want to be, I want to know how I can do things without needing someone else to facilitate.

20:04 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Right, and I want to know who I am because for some reason I don't really know at all.

20:13 - Chris Birky
Yeah, I mean, it makes sense based off what you described about, you know, the marriage. I mean, you've done something 20 years and you're always just trying to not rock the boat and, you know, you lose track of like what you actually want because you're just trying to always please and make people happy and all these other things. So, um, it's very easy to get in a relationship.

20:42 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, and I just feel like, yeah, I just have to know. Which end is up before I agree to sign anything?

20:53 - Chris Birky
Yeah, I mean, the first part of what's going to have to happen is we're going to have to get you to a place where you're more regulated. So we're going to do some somatic work for sure, which will also help regulate the nervous system, get you back to homeostasis. Then we'll start working on some of the deeper belief systems that are driving patterns, why you decide to put others first and all these different things. Then we'll bring in the connection using different methods like breathwork, for example. And then we'll help you learn how to integrate that. Then we can then bring you into who you really are without all these old blocks in the way. And so our process, the true healing arts, is always a subtraction process it's never an addition because you're already full complete whole as you are so we just need to remove this stuff that's in there that is impeding your clarity on experiencing that yourself yeah that sounds good okay what else do you think will be helpful for me I don't know.

22:15 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
So is it? I don't know. I don't know. I'm so sorry.

22:19 - Chris Birky
I don't be sorry at all.

22:21 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I don't I mean, I just I I feel like I need to go somewhere to deal with this trauma that I'm processing. And this sounds like a good place. And there was another place that my husband's therapist had suggested called on site. And like I just parodied you, called Onsite. But their program is going to require such a long, I mean, the program they came up with, it was eight days. And so another fun tidbit is that, you know, I work in the new natal intensive care unit and one of our partners is having to retire unexpectedly and so we are down two physicians and so my work schedule is about to just go insane and I mean as if you can probably imagine the amount of emotional energy it takes to do that job.

23:25 - Chris Birky
Intense, golly.

23:28 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
So I'm like I can't do eight days but I mean I can't barely function like I am so like I found you guys and you said We could do it in three days, and I'm sure I need more, but it's going to have to happen in three days.

23:43 - Chris Birky
Yeah, and it happens in three days all the time. And what's really cool about the process is that once you go home, there's a professional coach that follows you on Zoom, and we have 12 months of integration with additional support led by our practitioners every month for an entire year. So, you know, you're not just going to come And then, you know, it's just going to be over. We're going to, we follow you home. We give you a professional coach to help integrate it. And then we actually then provide you a year of additional support led by our practitioners.

24:18 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
We're very deep.

24:21 - Chris Birky
We're deeply dedicated to long-term sustainability, not just a cool retreat.

24:28 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
That's good. That's good. I asked about like rules and stuff because that other place like you have to turn in your phone. There's no caffeine. That's going to be a lot for you.

24:45 - Chris Birky
That's a disaster waiting to happen. No caffeine. Come on.

24:49 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, yeah.

24:50 - Chris Birky
So no, we don't. You'll have your phone.

24:54 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I have no I have no intention of drinking alcohol. But I mean, just stuff like that.

24:59 - Chris Birky
I mean, you could go to and have a glass of wine if you need to, you know, something like that. But if, you know, some clients come in and they have alcohol problems and, you know, then, you know, it doesn't serve them to come to the retreat because they're on alcohol and it blocks their receptivity. But if you have dinner and you're, you know, you want a glass of wine and you better drink that damn glass of wine and enjoy it.

25:29 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
And I had already asked the, I don't know whoever answers your phone, whatever the title is, but- Norma. She didn't sound like a Norma.

25:38 - Chris Birky
It was a Norma. Her name's Norma. Oh, wow. And it's actually, she's actually my love.

25:44 - Unidentified Speaker
She's your love?

25:46 - Chris Birky
She's my love. We're- Wow.

25:51 - Chris Birky
All right.

25:52 - Chris Birky
She's my love and, you know, it's- What is it? Yes, for sure. We've twice. It sounds similar like you. We've done the damn thing twice.

26:15 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, I guess it happens.

26:17 - Chris Birky
It does. It does. And sometimes though, it works out where you both dive in and do the deeper work. And sometimes it happens and only one of you does the work. And that's where our job to you is to bring you clarity to what you actually need despite everyone else's opinions and needs. And it's not to exclude them, but it is to make sure that you're a priority moving forward. So that you can have a sustainable balance in how you make decisions moving forward. Because if your cup is always empty or have only little droplets, then you're only giving tiny percentages to everyone when everyone wants you, 100% including yourself. And so we want to make sure that we teach you how to give out of overflow, not have an empty cup.

27:24 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Setting some boundaries and all that kind of stuff.

27:26 - Chris Birky
Oh, yeah. All that fun stuff.

27:30 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I mean, I don't want to allow myself to be treated like that anymore. I feel like I didn't do a good job. I feel like keeping the peace. I mean, it works for right then, but I feel like it enables somebody to continue bad behavior. And you just send. And I just end up kind of tucking it in until it just bursts out.

27:56 - Chris Birky
It pops off. Um, okay. So, um, what I need to do if we're going to, if we're going to do that, start this party pretty soon. Um, I need a little bit of time to actually sit down and design the retreat. What is your schedule like the rest of the day?

28:17 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm grabbing my children and going home. So you can, you can call me whenever, text me whenever.

28:26 - Chris Birky
So let's see. And, um, for what year is Central Time?

28:33 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I am.

28:36 - Chris Birky
Can we do five o'clock here?

28:39 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Five o'clock my time? Yeah, I'll set an alarm. Okay, and I'll update the calendar. So you want me to call back at five?

28:46 - Chris Birky
Yeah, I'll update the calendar invite, and we'll just join in on Zoom. Or if you want to do a phone call, we could do that as well. You just tell me.

28:56 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I'll be home, so that should be fine.

28:58 - Chris Birky
Okay, we'll just do a Zoom call.

29:00 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
Yeah, that's why I ended up taking the three o'clock appointment, because even though I'm driving, it's probably not ideal, but yeah, I mean, I'm looking to do this quickly.

29:10 - Chris Birky
You're good. I'll make it happen. I'll get to work on it right now. And we'll talk that about an hour and a half.

29:18 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
And I'll start looking at it. I guess.

29:22 - Chris Birky
Just plan on plan on starting day one at on Sunday. And then and then you know if you're looking at flights to depart on Tuesday night make sure it's not any earlier than I can do that.

29:40 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

29:41 - Chris Birky
And then I'll send you a text. That way you have my number. And if you're looking up stuff and you have questions or whatever, you can just send me a text and I'll be happy to support.

29:50 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
I appreciate it.

29:53 - Chris Birky
I got you.

29:54 - Jennifer Augelli Hunter
You've been very helpful. And Norma was great. So yes. Good couple.

29:58 - Unidentified Speaker
I got you.

29:58 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

29:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Talk soon. Bye bye.