Joseph Cox - Personal Soul Guide Consultation
Mon, Feb 9, 2026

0:00 - Chris Birky
I can hear you, Joseph. What's going on, man? Good morning.

0:04 - Joesph’s iphone
I'm at work.

0:06 - Chris Birky
Nice. What do you do, man?

0:08 - Joesph’s iphone
I own a machine shop.

0:10 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

0:11 - Joesph’s iphone
We build parts for electrical distribution industry and military aerospace.

0:16 - Chris Birky
What got you into that?

0:20 - Joesph’s iphone
My dad and uncle started the business back in 91, and they were building like automated equipment. And then they started buying CNCs build their parts for the equipment. And then they got out of building equipment to building parts for other folks. It's a little bit, it's nice to have repeat business, like building parts. But they both passed away. My dad passed away in melanoma. And then my uncle Chet passed away in 2017. From a bone cancer. And then me and my cousin and another guy took the business over in 18. Okay.

1:04 - Chris Birky
And so how's that relationship working out? Is it good? Solid? And then sometimes it can be challenging with family. Yeah.

1:11 - Joesph’s iphone
Uh, it's pretty solid. Uh, yeah, it can be challenging, but yeah, there's a couple areas we need to work on as far as structure. Yeah.

1:24 - Chris Birky
But we got you got different different ideas and different personalities and that always sometimes can rock the boat.

1:35 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. And then, you know, like who's working harder and who's slacking.

1:39 - Chris Birky
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I should be paid more because I'm putting in more hours and Yeah. Oh, man. Like, is there a balance? Work, professional life, or was it more of like an avoidance tactic? I'm curious.

1:59 - Joesph’s iphone
What, coming to work?

2:01 - Chris Birky
Yeah, some people use work to avoid stuff, you know what I mean?

2:04 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah, work does take my mind off of what, this past year. You know, I think I put in there, I lost my wife back in March of last year to lung cancer, and then I have three boys. I have a six, four and two year old.

2:24 - Chris Birky
OK.

2:26 - Joesph’s iphone
And then that was in March and then April, I started having some testicular pain and then. I went to my urologist, he tried to treat me for inflammation, epidermitis or something, and I took medicine for 20 days and I was like, dude, I can't stand this pain. Pain, like it's waking me up at night. So my brother's an ER doctor and he had told me to get me a CT scan. So I called him. I was like, dude, give me a CT scan. I can't deal. I can't sit at work and just be in pain and then already feel terrible as it is. So I went up there, did a CT scan, and then I came back to work. And then my brother called me five hours later and was like, we got to go to Jackson Oncology, which that's where my wife went and she So I was like, dang, I didn't want to be back up there. So then I went there. They thought I had lymphoma, and then they did a needle biopsy. And that was on Thursday. Then Monday, the doctor called me, and he's like, you have liposarcoma, is what the pathology said. But we got to cut it out, is what they said. There's not much. This is a rare cancer, and it's not really aggressive, usually. So I went to the surgeon, and the surgeon was like, as soon as he walked in, he was like, not liposarcoma, but I don't know what it is. So that was in June. No, that was the end of May. And then so they sent it back off the pathology, took two weeks. And then the guy came back and he was like, I think it's neurofibroma, but I can't rule out an aggressive cancer. So then June the 16th, the doctor, the surgeon used robotics and poked holes in my belly and pushed my colon out of the way and then got one deep down It was the easiest to get to and it wasn't easy to get to. And then it came back two days later, it was neurofibroma. So that's benign sheath tumors, which is good that it's benign. But that was, you know, my wife and I had been gone three months. So, and then my stress was through the roof. And then, so I started having elbow pain, back pain. And like, I wasn't sure what it was. So I was like, I think I got a nerve up in my spine or something because my back is killing me. When all once I found out all of his stress, I was able to manage that. And then August ish, the boys are in a baseball camp. And I, I met some girl there, woman, and she was like, super cool. And then I hung out with her November rolled around and I started losing vision in my right eye. And so I was like, and I hadn't had a brain scan yet. They wanted me to get a brain scan to make sure I didn't have any in my brain. And then, so I was like, dang, I got something up in there going on. I went to an eye doctor and it was like optometrist, which is not an MD doctor. And he looked at it and he was like, I'm just going to up your contact and use prescription. You come back in three months. I was like, doc, I can't see out of that eye. Even if you up it, like he's like, just come back in three months. So then I left there and I was like, I'm going to see a real eye doctor. And I went and saw them. And they were like, I have CSCR, which is fluid on my retina, which is caused by stress, which I mean, but I think it's, I think it's getting better. I don't know. It's like looking through liquid in my right eye a little bit, but then Christmas rolled around and it was really rough. And then, uh, Marley was the girl's name and she started getting kind of like, uh, non-talkative, like short. And I was like, Oh, here it comes. And then she said that, uh, Well, she was right. I wasn't emotionally ready for a relationship, but it was cool. And, um, and good, good looking. She was really good looking. And I was like, so that hurt me a mixture of Christmas and then that, and then she did it. She hadn't, she planned me a surprise birthday party. I was born day after Christmas and then she ended up not coming to it. And all my friends were there and When I dealt with that, then January was pretty hard. January was a rough month for me, but just the loss of a relationship on top of dealing with the loss of my wife, the grief from my wife just came back in real strong because I was using Marley as kind of like a void. Yeah. She wasn't meant to feel. And then, but now I'm through January is hard. I think I'm doing better now. Um, I just got to close the loop as I call it. And I mean, everybody's just like, take one day at a time. But I mean, I'm like, I've been taking one day at a time. Everybody takes one day at a time. I'm like, I'm miserable. It ain't working. The shit ain't working though. It's not working. And I'm like, you know, writing down things I'm grateful for every morning and all this stuff. And I'm like, it's not working. And then I'm in pain. I have testicular pain, and then I have hip pain in my lower back, like by my tailbone. But I'm doing pretty good this morning on my pain. I think pain is like, it's important side with the stress and then my nervous system being fried, like all elevates it. So if I'm able to like talk myself out of the pain, then it helps. Like don't try to put attention.

8:39 - Chris Birky
That's a short term game plan though, man.

8:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Right? Yeah.

8:44 - Chris Birky
I mean, cause reality is you got to find a way to actually remove the fuel that's causing the fire in there.

8:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

8:51 - Chris Birky
Right. Cause a lot of you, what's called psychosomatic symptoms where like these physical symptoms are popping up for you based on internal challenges, emotions, you know, grief, distress. I mean, it's all starting to build up and then it manifests physically for us. For me, how it used to manifest for me was that I literally get these giant knots in my shoulders and I thought it was from sports or something, you know, because I'm pretty active and, you know, so but then it know, I started doing, you know, my healing work, they were like, Yeah, no, that's grief, man. That's all grief. And that's your story. Because just a little bit of background on me, you know, from, from 12 to 32. I buried my sister, 10 best friends, and both my parents. And so 20 years spent, you know, there was lots of loss, lots of a lot of avoidance, drugs and alcohol for a little bit. Then I got into a near near death experience after a really bad car accident. And that was like when the light bulbs went on at about 22. It was like, yeah, you're fucking up, man. So let's do some work.

10:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

10:09 - Chris Birky
And so, you know, that's when, you know, I you know, I started my healing journey. I became a local therapist. That's that is based on Viktor Frankl's work. Have you ever heard of Viktor Frankl?

10:26 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

10:27 - Chris Birky
No? He survived three concentration camps in Germany.

10:32 - Joesph’s iphone
Okay, I've heard of him now, yeah.

10:34 - Chris Birky
Yep, yep. And so he developed a psychotherapy called logotherapy, and it basically just helps, you know, individuals turn suffering into meaning. And so like my whole life's been full of suffering and grief and loss and death. And so I had to somehow reframe that. So it actually made sense to me. Or I was going to go right back to drugs and alcohol and all the things that I was doing before. But, you know, part of what you're describing is your nervous system, man. It's like, you know, it's dysregulated, which then puts everything else in a dysregulated state. And then your mind goes into hyperdrive trying to fix everything. Yeah, and and then you know control and then fear and you know all these weird things that start to happen from there So, you know, it's really, you know, the the first thing that has to be done whether you do a retreat with us or not, man I'm not attached to that. But you know, you got to find some somatic work To help with your nervous system and somatic just means the body and so we're we're storing stuff in the body You know most cases, you know men in general aren't very good emotional regulators. And so, I mean, I don't know about you, but it was like, stop being a pussy, you know, boys don't cry. That was my growing up. So then it just starts to accumulate, accumulate, and accumulate until it starts to pop off or we start manifesting these, you know, ailments, you know, because it nowhere else to go. It's just your body's like alarm system going off.

12:13 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. And I mean, with mine, I can't tell. Some of this pain I'm having is from the tumor. I have like 15 tumors down in my hip area. But, you know, I was having all kinds of pain that was manifest by myself. But once I figured out, once I got a PET scan and everything was right where they thought it was from the CT scan, I was then able to step back and say, all right, this is stress. So if it would flare up, I'd be like, this is not neurofibroma. I am fine. And just stress. And then soon as like all of that started, because I was having abdominal crazy. And I did have, I do have five holes in my belly, but this was like in my stomach, like my guts. I was like, dude, this is everywhere, it was just nonstop. I'm over all of that. I think now, now it's just more like I will have a little bit of hip pain back there. And I think it is from the biggest tumors an inch and a half diameter. And it causes, it's going to cause pain, but like it, it can go a lot higher than it needs to, because I'm looking for it. And my nervous system has been shot. But it's just, and I mean, this has caused me to lean heavily on God because like, you know, before I've always gone to church and I've always, you know, believed in God and I never really, this has caused me to go way deeper. And that's a good thing. But it's just I got nowhere else to go. And I've got to be there for my sons. And I mean, they're going through their stuff, too. You know, they lost their mama. And then they're attached to me about. They're attached to me strongly. I mean, I go somewhere, they're freaking out.

14:21 - Chris Birky
Well, that's you know, that's like, you know, because like when I was all my loss and death was happening, like, there's a feeling of abandonment that comes. Even though obviously, you know, you can't control that, but like, you know, when someone leaves and goes, you know, and especially if it's sudden or something with those lines, you know, it creates this feeling of abandonment. So like, when you leave, you know, that abandonment kicks in. It's what if dad doesn't come back either?

14:53 - Joesph’s iphone
Yep. Yep. And I mean, when I had to, I had to go to deer camp after the surgery, cause I didn't want to scare them. Like, cause they saw their mama, you know, with drains and holes and scars and her abdomen. And then, so I went to deer camp for a week after the surgery and then they were dying to see me and they came out there and I had to tell them that I fell on a barbed wire fence and they were like, dang that barbed wire fence. But I mean, one day I'll be able to tell them, but they seriously still think I fell on a fence.

15:32 - Chris Birky
But- And you're just the toughest dad. Yeah, I'm like- Good hero story. But I mean, because we wrestle a lot.

15:41 - Joesph’s iphone
I mean, I had to like, hey, y'all got to be easy, because I mean, them suckers are wild. But they're good. They're good for me. I mean, of course they are, but they're a reason to get up and go. But they also cause me not to just have a moment where I can- Yeah, for sure. Process. Yeah, because getting three up and getting them to school by yourself, it kind of wears on you.

16:10 - Chris Birky
Oh, man. That's a lot. And on top of that, if you don't have any space for yourself, You're just, you're burning on both ends.

16:20 - Joesph’s iphone
Yep. I have found that like cold water helps me. Like I have a pond in my backyard and I jumped in it this weekend and it like helped all the pain that I was having like in my hips.

16:34 - Chris Birky
Yeah, that'd be super helpful for you, man. It really supports the nervous system too. Yeah.

16:38 - Joesph’s iphone
I'm in the process right now. My wife was doing a hyperbaric oxygen chamber like we had a local one here and um, She did it for like a month and then she was, we thought she was going to live a lot longer. So we bought one for the house, but I think I'm in the process. I'm pretty close to getting rid of it. I'm going to buy me a cold plunge and put it in place of that. I did get an oxygen tank. I got an oxygen chamber a couple of times cause it's supposed to be really good for you. But that was Kristen's thing. I don't know anything about that machine. I'm like, I'm going to get in here and die in this thing. And then I was trying to get in after I put the kids to sleep. And then the monitor died next thing I know they're opening doors my third quarter college And they're freaking out because they saw their mama getting in that thing. I was like, I'm done. I'm not getting this thing anymore Yeah, why are you getting in there? Are you? Okay, the oldest one, huh? And I was like, no, I'm fine.

17:32 - Chris Birky
I was just getting in it, but Do the did it do the boys do they have are they seeing professional support?

17:41 - Joesph’s iphone
Um, I sent my oldest a couple times, but I mean, I went in there with him and he's just really too young. I mean, I mean, it is play games. They don't really even talk about anything. My plan is I've got with the school and they have a counselor on staff and they go see them or they can go see them. But right now they haven't. I haven't seen anything that's saying that they need to. They talk about her a lot. They see me cry a lot. They know that I'm sad. And I mean, luckily they talk about her a lot. I mean, I think that's good. And I mean, I try to communicate with my in-laws because my mother-in-law, I mean, they've gone through a lot of death in the last five years. My wife's older sister passed a year before she did from cancer and then turn around and three or four months after she passed, my wife was diagnosed with it and then she died a year or nine months later. But I just brought, they don't want like, they've done better, but like, they don't want Kristen to be forgotten, which she's not. I mean, she's only been gone, she hasn't been gone a year yet. I mean, she's still fresh and I just need to make sure that they don't try to like, we don't have to bring her up all the time in front of the boys. Cause I just, I don't want to rub on that scab sometimes for them. But there's been so many like things that people have done that kind of stir up feelings. Like someone put a Christmas tree up at their school and it was in her honor and like we had to go there for that. And it's just like, and then they put a painting at her work. She worked at Batson, which is a children's hospital. She was a nurse anesthetist. And which the painting was cool and stuff. And then they did a toy drive. But it's just like, we got to stop some of this. Mean, I get it. And like, it's sweet. And a lot of people care and stuff like that. But it's just like, I don't We're stirring up too much emotion for me to like, what's the point?

20:04 - Chris Birky
I know people think they're doing, uh, doing good, but really it, it just keeps taking the dagger and turning it and turning it and turning it. It's just like, oh, man, it's loss and death, man. That's, it's one of those topics that, um, is such a taboo in the U S no one talked about. So. That when stuff happens, it gets weird. People just get really weird around it.

20:30 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. And then I mean, I even try to think about it. Like, I don't even know what I've gone through it. And like, I know that like, I get tired of people asking me how I'm doing. So like, when someone Yeah, and I know, like, I just, you know, kind of treat them normal. And then like, just sit there.

20:49 - Chris Birky
Yeah, well, that's because you you've, you've had to go through it. Most They're just there to what it's really like on the other side of it. And, you know, like, you noticed I didn't ask you how you were doing, because I already know. It's, you're fucking, it sucks. Like, there's no, there's nothing, there's nothing to describe it. And so, you know, whenever someone just shares with me, I'm just like, you know, my heart's with you, man. Because that's all I can say. That is even remotely close to being appropriate.

21:21 - Joesph’s iphone
Right. And I do see a counselor locally. Okay. Um, I was going every week and now I've gone to like every two weeks, but, um, he, he's not real aggressive with his counseling. He's more like he listens and kind of points and tells me that kind of stuff. Right. I did go last week and met with a different counselor because I got a buddy who lost his wife five years ago. To cancer and he he different than me so he had to go to like some outpatient therapy thing and that's what he was thinking I needed to go to but I don't know it's three times a week three hours a day but I mean I guess I could try it out for a week it's just it's a group like you're in a group with people who are going through similar stuff But I mean, I asked the woman, she was like, yeah, we got a good group right now and y'all can talk. And I was like, okay, so some of these folks lost their spouses. And she said, no, a lot of them sound like they were dealing with divorce issues and depression and stuff. But I don't know if they can relate to me.

22:37 - Chris Birky
That's the problem with group stuff is that you just sit there and talk about it. You don't find resolution. Well, it's like, go ahead.

22:48 - Joesph’s iphone
I'll go ahead. That's like what? You go ahead.

22:50 - Chris Birky
I'm just going to say, well, that's why like, you know, our stuff, everything that you do with us is just fully custom for each client. That way, you know, you actually get tools and processes to help you, you know, do it yourself when you go home. Cause you know, doesn't do you any good to have, you know, go to somewhere and there's not practical, you know, aspects of it that you can bring home with you. Um, and so that's where, you know, once you do your retreat here in Sedona, then you have a whole year of integration support that we call phase two, uh, where you'll have multiple hours of practitioner guided chins every month to support you and integrating what you learned in Sedona.

23:30 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. And that's kind of, this does seem like that. Cause she said that like, you'll spend time with each other and then we'll go to like classes and kind of learn like what sounds like you're talking how to process and how your brain works and like the psychological side of stuff. So, I mean, it'd probably be good for me, but I don't know. It's just...

23:55 - Chris Birky
There's a time and place for group. There's a time and place for one-on-one, you know, and, you know, that's, you know, there's no one to tell you what's right for you, man. That's something you get to feel into yourself. You know, but what I can tell you is that once I knew exactly what to do and how I worked with myself. You know, it became, you know, very dramatically different in the way I processed and and perceived information. And I was able to process information much quicker than, you know, than before, because I just didn't have the tools like I had no emotional intelligence. Like the only emotion I had was anger.

24:35 - Joesph’s iphone
Right.

24:36 - Chris Birky
But really, anger was grief and sadness.

24:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

24:40 - Chris Birky
Um, and so, you know, but everything just came out of anger cause that's all I knew. And, um, and so it was just, it was incredibly helpful to actually learn how I tick and how I work. Um, so that I can then work with myself when there's no one around. Right. That's, you invaluable to me at least as far as, um, you know, trying to keep myself regulated when, when, when shit hit the fan.

25:07 - Joesph’s iphone
Right. When you start spiraling.

25:11 - Chris Birky
Spiraling,

25:12 - Chris Birky
And ruminating and, you know, what could I have done different and all the things that, that, you know, just crush your Soul.

25:21 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. Blaming yourself and like, yeah. And I mean, that's what I've been doing with Marley. Cause I mean, I wish that she would just would have broke up with me or call it off with me because of X, Y, and Z, like I'm just not her person. It seemed like more. She liked me, but she didn't think I liked her because I wasn't emotionally available. So then it put blame back on me and also made me feel like, well, maybe there's still hope there. And I don't think there is. So like, I don't know. It's just, and I mean, like you said, I don't know how to process my emotions. I don't even know, like, who I am anymore. Yeah. And then, I mean, I'm starting to realize that I don't even know if I knew who I was before this.

26:11 - Chris Birky
Yeah. Is there a strong inner critic in there?

26:16 - Joesph’s iphone
Is there a what?

26:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Strong inner critic.

26:19 - Joesph’s iphone
What's that? What are you?

26:20 - Chris Birky
It's that, like, inner, like, sabotaging voice that's, like, beating you up and telling you you're not good enough or, you know, something goes I really don't feel like I'm not, well, I feel more like the health issue stuff kind of makes me not good enough.

26:36 - Joesph’s iphone
And then I got three kids. I mean, luckily, you know, I do really well for as work goes. I'm pretty, I'm good at selling stuff, but it's just. It's good straws. It sounds like you're reaching for straws, man.

26:52 - Unidentified Speaker
I can sell some stuff, but other than that, man.

26:57 - Joesph’s iphone
And I mean, women people that are men, I feel like they're financially stable. That's probably pretty important to them. And I have that. And it's more like the inner voice is like the devil. He goes after people that are broken. And sometimes it's pretty constant. I have really bad thoughts. I'm not going to act on them, but they do pop up in my head. It's like, I don't want to be here anymore, so why am I staying? And then my brain is just like, well, there's one way out. And I'm like, no, there's not. Yeah.

27:41 - Chris Birky
So very powerful reframe that I heard when I was doing my studies with Viktor Frankl. And this is an example. Example of a one of his clients that he was working with and his wife had just passed away. And the gentleman was really struggling. And and, you know, it was it was about a year, maybe two years after. And he, you know, he's then it wasn't working. And so then he came across Viktor Frankl. He goes into Viktor Frankl's office for like 20 minutes. And I forget what he called him, but he goes, Sir, you know, what if you saw this experience as an opportunity because what you saved your wife was the suffering that she would have had to do had you gone before her. Yeah. And and and he said, you know, in that refrain, the gentleman really heard what was being, you know, said. And what was really being said was that, you know, could you imagine looking down at your wife, seeing her in the spot that you're in, mourning everything you're experiencing, and to do it, you know, by herself? And wouldn't it be more meaningful for you you know, take that burden away from her and you carry it because you're strong enough to do it. You just had this huge awakening moment of, uh, of meaning behind the suffering.

29:29 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah, that makes sense.

29:30 - Chris Birky
Now, now I'm not, now obviously this is your, your world and not here to project anything into your world. But, um, you know, there seems to be a little bit of honor in that. Um, you know, and, and, you know, taking some of that, you know, and bringing that into a revelation for yourself, uh, that may be supportive.

29:55 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. And I mean, I have been trying to figure out a way to take the grief and put it towards something else. Like as far as my energy goes, like just directing it to what if it, you know, overthink the positive. Like, what if it, I mean, life's going to go on and then we might as well hope that it gets better.

30:20 - Chris Birky
Do you, um, so just to be honest with you, man, it doesn't get, it doesn't get better being direct with you. Just, I want, I want to set an expectation, right? It doesn't get better, but you get more capable.

30:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

30:37 - Chris Birky
That makes sense, right?

30:38 - Joesph’s iphone
The grief is still there.

30:40 - Chris Birky
You just figure out how to live with it Yeah, I mean there are days buddy that I just freaking in Or even getting crushed Yeah, and it just piles over top of you man. There's nothing to stop the avalanche. Yeah But you can reduce the avalanches damage by having the right tools is to regulate yourself through it. Right. So for me, the visual is like when the tsunami wave of emotion starts to come in, like, how do I surf it? How do I how do I stay on top of the wave as like a surfer does? So I'm not crushed by all the weight, you know, of that wave itself.

31:25 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah, I mean, that sounds like a good mindset to be in. You need that board. That board to get above it because I was firing a little bit this morning, but I reined it back in. It's just grief. It just feels like there's just so much.

31:45 - Chris Birky
It is the worst, bro.

31:48 - Joesph’s iphone
It really is. I feel like if my wife was here, this neurofibroma wouldn't. None of the doctors are worried about this stuff. It's really messed me up. And I think if she was here, you know, I'd have some, like, it just stresses me out. Cause I mean, what? Well, you got a lot of pressure.

32:10 - Chris Birky
You got a lot of pressure too with the boys.

32:13 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. Yeah.

32:16 - Chris Birky
I mean, if, cause like your thought process is, goes right into fear. And what if, what if I go too soon as well? And then, you know, the boys, you don't, don't have any parents. I mean, I'm sure the site, Yeah, it goes super fast. Yeah.

32:31 - Joesph’s iphone
And it's just. And then, I mean. Marley helped me, but then it really hurt me because then like it was like I was another loss on top of all the other ones. And I mean, she was great. You just then she put the blame on me. I think she's a professional. She knows what she's doing as far as I think she's been some relationship. Because she was good at calling it off.

33:02 - Unidentified Speaker
She learned from her own lessons of bad relationship.

33:08 - Joesph’s iphone
She's good at ghosting. But more power to her because it would have been difficult for me to do that to someone else that was in my situation. She has a level of maturity by her and also strength because, you know, surely that was in the back of her head. Like this dude's gone through hell as it is. And here we are right at Christmas. I mean, the timing was difficult. I mean, she could have picked a different week. It'd have been nice, but I guess just grow from it.

33:44 - Chris Birky
Yeah. I mean, yeah, just grow from it. And that's a very obscure. Statement that feels very unattainable at most of the times when you're going through it. Yeah.

33:56 - Joesph’s iphone
I mean, I guess our mind just tries to do whatever it can to try to. That's my blood.

34:04 - Chris Birky
I know, bro. I know, man. Well, you know, one thing that I can say, you know, is that, you know, it's pretty cool to see how upbeat you are. Even despite all of it, that's pretty honorable. And I could definitely tell that you're definitely putting in the effort to make the most out of it. And I think, you know, just having some tools will go a long way to support you, you know, and help be that surfboard between and you. And that the tools is what that middle ground is or that board is. And so whether you do it with us, man, do it with someone else, I think they're going to go a long way because you're really open and really ready and, you know, really, really willing to receive support or some clients just really aren't like they want support, but they're not willing to receive it.

34:59 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah. I'm going to receive whatever I can get.

35:01 - Chris Birky
I know that I can feel that from it.

35:04 - Joesph’s iphone
Um, and I think it has a lot to do with, you know, some people, if I didn't have kids, then I really would probably be, I might not get up in the morning. Yeah. You know, I got no, I don't really have a choice. Yeah. Which has its pros and cons. Like we've talked about, but like, So what's it look like a three day, five day? What are we and how much is it? Yeah.

35:30 - Chris Birky
We have a three day minimum. Um, most clients are here between three and five though. Okay. And then I have, uh, two to three sessions on your retreat each day, each sessions, two to three hours.

35:44 - Joesph’s iphone
All right.

35:45 - Chris Birky
So it's like four to six hours every day. And that's one on one. So there's no groups whatsoever. And each session is facilitated by a different practitioner that has a different skill set. That way, each session compounds on top of the next to really help deepen your experience as the retreat goes on. We have a custom software that our practitioners will be communicating background to make sure that, you know, once you have a breakthrough, we then, you know, let the other future practitioners know. So literally, each session really does build on top of it. And so, you know, because of that process, what we call the Sedona proven process, it really allows us to get to the root cause, start removing the fuel that's causing the fire in there. And then as a result, we're no longer just creating symptoms.

36:40 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah.

36:42 - Chris Birky
Okay. And we're not just treating the smoke. We're actually putting out the fire that's creating the smoke.

36:47 - Joesph’s iphone
Right. You're not just taking a depressant pill. Correct. Still be depressed.

36:55 - Chris Birky
Pretty much. Pretty much, man. And this is something that, you know, you're going to leave here with, you know, you're going to have professional coaching before you get here, you'll have your in Sedona retreat intensive, and then you'll have professional coaching when you go home to help you integrate the retreat. We're not going to just send you home and hope that you know how to figure it out yourself. We want to make sure that you know exactly how to bring all the tools into your day-to-day life, how to implement it, make sure that you know, you know, on a very practical standpoint, how to really, you know, regulate yourself, you know, emotionally, physically, spiritually as well.

37:35 - Joesph’s iphone
Okay. What is the cost?

37:42 - Chris Birky
We don't like a set cost because everything's custom for each client. But for three days, I'm going to give you some ranges. For three days, it's like $4,500 to $6,500. For four days, it's like $6,000 to $8,000. Then five days, it's like $8,000 to $10,000.

38:03 - Joesph’s iphone
Okay.

38:05 - Chris Birky
Um, and that all depends on the number of hours you're with us.

38:08 - Joesph’s iphone
And that does that include room and board and food?

38:12 - Chris Birky
It does not. We're not a lodging center. Okay. Um, yeah. And the reason why we're not lodging center is just because we have 40 to 60 clients here every week, pretty much. And that means we would need 40 to 60 healing rooms plus 40 to 60 lodging centers. And That's just a huge building that we don't have space to don't afford.

38:33 - Joesph’s iphone
So I'd need to get like an Airbnb or something.

38:35 - Chris Birky
So you'll get a hotel or Airbnb, something like that. Um, we had already sent over a list of different lodging suggestions. I'll resend it to you right now. Um, you know, that way you have it at the top of your inbox, but that'll Guide you as far as like different places that we suggest our clients to hang out and reside. I wouldn't suggest unless you're just like swimming in money and it's, you know, you just don't, you just want to spend it. Uh, know, I wouldn't spend a lot on a hotel just because, you know, you're not going to be there a lot. And when you are there, you're going to be, you know, pretty pooped and ready to go to bed. As long as he has a nice comfy bed, I think in good shape, but you know, some clients, some clients are bougie and like spending money.

39:17 - Joesph’s iphone
So no, I'm good to stay in a hotel, but so would I just be by myself pretty much Yep.

39:29 - Chris Birky
Yep. And, you know, for, you know, for a lot of clients, that's like the first time they've been by themselves for, you know, their whole life, literally.

39:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

39:39 - Chris Birky
And, and so that's why, you know, when you leave each session, you're going to have tools. So when you go home or go to your hotel, you can practice it. You know, you'll have the option to record your sessions on your phone or with the recording app on your phone. A lot of clients go back to their hotel or go on a hike and they just start listening to the sessions over and over again. So there's a lot to do as far as just like integrating, you know, while you're, while you're away. But, you know, a lot of times I'll meet with clients as well when they're in town and hang out with them and, you know, have coffee or something while they're in town. But yeah, I mean, you're going to be hanging out solo, you know, to really allow this stuff to integrate.

40:21 - Joesph’s iphone
And there's places I can go like, hiking and stuff, right?

40:23 - Chris Birky
Oh, dude, I'll hook you up with all that.

40:26 - Joesph’s iphone
Okay.

40:27 - Chris Birky
Yeah, I was I was out on the rocks on Saturday. It was awesome.

40:31 - Joesph’s iphone
Yeah, I would like that. Um, and then what timeframe? Like, how quickly can I go? And when can I go and like, what's your schedule?

40:44 - Chris Birky
You can literally come this week. Okay. Okay. Whether of the weekend you can come during the week that's totally up to you our works around yours okay all right well I'll have to look at a few things I guess can you send me basically all that information we just talked about price range where to stay and then I can look at dates yeah so what the next step for you and I is I got all these notes that I took from our call I'd love to set you know just to go over a proposal that I'll come up for you well we'll get on a second call we'll go over the proposal together talk about each session why I chose it what I see happening and then at that point you'll have literally everything you need to know as far as the retreat goes and all the details and then you can make a decision from there you know at that point if it's a direct fit and, you know, at that point you'll have everything you need to make a decision.

41:48 - Joesph’s iphone
Hey, man. Well, that sounds good.

41:51 - Chris Birky
Cool. What, uh, what's your schedule like this week for like 45 minutes?

41:56 - Joesph’s iphone
I can talk whenever we could do. Um, I could probably do Friday or Thursday, Thursday, same time.

42:06 - Chris Birky
Yeah, that'll work.

42:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

42:09 - Chris Birky
And you're, um, where are you located at?

42:12 - Joesph’s iphone
Central time, Mississippi.

42:14 - Chris Birky
Mississippi, OK. Cool. All right, so then that's nine my time, or nine your time, eight my time on Thursday the 12th. Did you have a preference, like three, four, or five days? You just want me to design what I come up with, and we work together on making it fit your ideas?

42:35 - Joesph’s iphone
I think in four days. A day so that means I'd be gone probably what six days.

42:45 - Chris Birky
Yeah I mean we could do it where you do you fly in on like let's just say we fly in on a on a Sunday then your retreat would be you know Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and then you can head out on Thursday night if you wanted to after sessions to get back you know that's something that we could do for sure where you just leave on the on the last day but we We do ask that you get here at least a day before. OK.

43:12 - Joesph’s iphone
All right.

43:15 - Joesph’s iphone
And I mean, I might have to switch to the three days, so I won't be gone. I get it. No worries. And then leave Friday. So just be there.

43:25 - Chris Birky
I'll just set up. I'll just set up what feels most appropriate, man. We'll go over it, and then we'll condense it if we need to. We can expand it if we need to. No worries either way.

43:35 - Joesph’s iphone
OK. All right.

43:37 - Chris Birky
Cool and then, um, you know, so you already got my number. So text me if you have any questions or anything like that. I'll get everything set up for Thursday and then we'll go over it together. We'll talk about it. Make sure everything feels in alignment and then you can tell me what we need to do to make adjustments.

43:52 - Joesph’s iphone
All right. Sounds great.