Kathleen Bravo - Personal Soul Guide Consultation
Fri, Feb 6, 2026

0:00 - Kathleen
I'll go and stay in for three hours. I'll do the aqua aerobics. I'll do some yoga and then I'll do some weight training, you know, on my legs or something or one body, you know, upper or lower part of the body. I split them up. So, so yeah, so that's what I've been doing as far as exercise and trying to get things together.

0:26 - Chris Birky
What's your spiritual orientation?

0:31 - Kathleen
Well, actually, spiritual orientation, I mean, that's a very open question. But religious orientation, I, you know, I grew up, I was baptized Catholic, grew up Christian, you know, going to churches and so forth. But right now, I'm just very open. I mean, I would go to a buddhist you know thing or I'd go to a synagogue I mean it really doesn't matter to me you know as far as I'm concerned god is god as long as it's about love you know that's what spirituality is to us is it's your own perception of what god creator universe is for you um you know doesn't necessarily specifically doesn't pertain to religion for us specifically We have clients that come in and they're religious.

1:23 - Chris Birky
We have clients that come in. They're not religious. We have clients come in that are atheists. And our job is to be neutral and not project belief systems in anyone. What about outdoors? Do you like being outdoors?

1:41 - Kathleen
I don't mind. How, what's the temperature over there during the day?

1:45 - Chris Birky
It's like 70 right now.

1:47 - Kathleen
Oh, that's not bad. That's fine. I, you know, my knees came over and she did the, you know, when you go to the mountains because of the there at the mountains?

1:59 - Chris Birky
The vortexes?

1:59 - Kathleen
The vortexes, yes. Yeah, so she did that and she said, oh, she almost collapsed. It was, you know, 100 degrees. I'm like, yeah. That's the first thing you're supposed to check. You don't just pick up and go to Arizona. You found out what the temperature is. You go in the winter when it's cooler.

2:18 - Chris Birky
Definitely melt out here for sure.

2:21 - Kathleen
So that vortex type of stuff I'm kind of interested in. I don't know how that works. Do you guys do day trips or how does that kind of thing works?

2:32 - Chris Birky
We have a three day minimum for our retreat, but most clients, you know, want to get outdoors and experience the vortexes. And so we do, we do hike in heels where a practitioner will guide you out to a spot on the land. And you'll do some healing work and spiritual work outdoors on a hike rather than in an office.

2:53 - Kathleen
Yeah, because I don't want to be inside too much. I mean, you know, if the weather is nice and everything and, you know, the look of your mountains and the dirt and all that kind of stuff is just beautiful.

3:05 - Chris Birky
It's gorgeous. One of the most gorgeous places on the planet, in my opinion, at least. Are you in intimate partnership, Kathleen?

3:17 - Kathleen
Oh, you provide those too, huh? You take care of everything. Wow, what a retreat.

3:27 - Chris Birky
No promises on that one. Have you been in like marriage before?

3:36 - Kathleen
Yes, serious, almost marriage, but not marriage.

3:42 - Chris Birky
And like, is it just by choice to be, you know, live in a single life? Or is it an active search?

3:50 - Kathleen
No, no, I've tried relationships and everything. And, you know, and I've been busy, you know, I've got, I still work full time for the federal government. I have a distillery as well. So that's like having two full time jobs. And I have, you know, I've done a lot of education, I've got a PhD. So I've been more of a career You know?

4:15 - Chris Birky
And you said a distillery, like a beer distillery?

4:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, like alcohol, yes.

4:21 - Chris Birky
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that sounds fun. How's that for you? What got you to that?

4:30 - Kathleen
It's fun. I mean, I've always wanted to do it, and so I did it. And then some days it's like, why did I do this, you know? You know how business is, it's up and down, and you know.

4:41 - Kathleen
Where are the people?

4:42 - Kathleen
Do they have money to spend? Why, you know, tired of chasing people, you know, all that kind of stuff.

4:48 - Chris Birky
How much more money do I have to spend for marketing?

4:54 - Kathleen
Why am I, why am I constantly spending on marketing?

4:57 - Chris Birky
I mean, it's ridiculous.

4:58 - Kathleen
It's like, so, but you know, Hey, I mean, I can get, go, go at it with marketing.

5:08 - Chris Birky
What about any health dynamics I should be conscious of

5:15 - Kathleen
No, not really. I'm a little that's causing a little blood pressure issue. Plus I like salt. I think if I, bless you, if I give up the damn salt, maybe I'd be better off with the blood pressure. And then my cholesterol is high. But I think it's because I started eating a lot of fish. So I think I was getting too much mercury and that was driving up my cholesterol. So those are things I'm working on, but other than that, you know, the other things are pretty good.

5:52 - Chris Birky
What about like cannabis or tobacco or anything like that? Do you use any of that? Sometimes our pets, of adulthood are formed in like early development stages. What would you describe growing up like,

6:13 - Kathleen
What was growing up like, Yeah, my parents were there, but yeah, they divorced, you know.

6:28 - Chris Birky
Any, like sometimes there's like car wrecks or, you know, something happened at school anything like that as far as like just big events growing up big events um well you know sometimes they were bullies at school but nothing big at school going on you know you run into a couple of bullies okay that that was it for school sure and do you have kids of your own no uh no kids what about kids What about him?

7:02 - Chris Birky
Yeah, do you have fur kids?

7:04 - Kathleen
Do I have fur kids? Oh, I had a dog, a Yorkie, but he passed away recently in August. Oh man, that's a tough one. Yeah, he was almost turning 15, beautiful little Yorkie with a nice personality. Yeah, so.

7:22 - Chris Birky
My mom, my mom growing up.

7:24 - Kathleen
You had one growing up?

7:26 - Chris Birky
My mom. Dog she'd ever own.

7:28 - Kathleen
Oh the Yorkies. They're smart, they're small, they're easy to clean up after. So people don't think about this when you have those huge dogs. You got huge poop. I mean come on. Yeah you got big giant piles. I would never do that. I mean the little poop is okay. That's that's hard enough.

7:51 - Chris Birky
Yep yep. Well I'm sorry to hear about Yeah, you know, they they definitely have great great lessons to teach us. That's true.

7:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, yeah.

8:00 - Chris Birky
Yes Great lessons to teach us. Um All right, so, um in if all of it works out and like timing works and your schedules Like when when are you looking to do a retreat?

8:15 - Kathleen
I don't know. It's we're in february now. So, um I'd have to just look at my calendar my work calendar You said it's three days, so I can do it during the week, or I can do a weekend, or... That's correct. I can do like a Friday, Saturday, Sunday.

8:35 - Chris Birky
All right. And so then you would basically fly in the day before, you do your three days, and then you would then head out the next day, ideally.

8:46 - Kathleen
All right. Yeah, we'll see, because I'll probably, yeah, do a... Friday flights might be tricky, so I might even want to do the Thursday, so it would start like Friday, Saturday, Sunday. All right, we'll have to map it out.

8:59 - Chris Birky
Yeah, like I said, there's no attachments at this point to figure that out. I was just curious because sometimes, you know, if a client's coming in the summer, then, you know, I need to put the outdoor stuff early in the day. If they're coming in the winter, then I need to put the, you know, outdoor stuff later in the day so it's warmer. That's the only reason why I was asking in regards to scheduling So how this process works is we have this initial conversation. And then from there, what happens is I invite you to a second call. And on that second call, I'm going to share my screen. And we're going to go over each session and why I'm suggesting it to you. And then at that point, you'll tell me what feels right, what doesn't, and then we'll co-create together based off those suggestions and what I think is going to be most supportive for you, and then you confirm whether or not it resonates, and then if not, we'll replace it, we'll adjust it, we'll co-create and have a good time just figuring out the right fit for you.

10:04 - Kathleen
Okay, sounds good.

10:07 - Chris Birky
Are there any other, like, are there any healing processes that you've always wanted to experience, but just never had the chance to. You said Reiki?

10:17 - Kathleen
Yeah, yeah. I don't know if there's anything, because I don't know everything. So I know the Reiki. What else is there for healing?

10:26 - Chris Birky
I mean, there's like, you know, there's, it doesn't sound like you need like trauma work, per se. You know, because we have like EMDR, that's more trauma based. But then we work with shamans, we have psychics and mediums, We have hypnotherapists, we have everything.

10:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Give me all of that.

10:46 - Chris Birky
All of it?

10:46 - Chris Birky
You want it all?

10:48 - Kathleen
You do the past life and all that stuff? Yeah, give me some of that. Give me the past life. I may have to stay there for a couple of months. Give me past life.

10:58 - Chris Birky
You may have to.

11:00 - Kathleen
What about spiritual guide? I still need to meet my spiritual guide. I gotta meditate on that. So trauma, I think we all have trauma, even though we don't think we do. I agree with that. What are you doing for trauma? What is it called?

11:22 - Chris Birky
There's like somatic therapy, which is releasing trauma stored in the body. There's EMDR, or what's called bilateral stimulation. And that's where that's where the practitioner basically stimulates both hemispheres of the brain either using your eyes or little little paddles where it vibrates back and forth to trigger different responses based on whatever trauma it is that you're working on there's core wound work which is helping a client get to the root cause of a subconscious belief system that is, you know, it's that inner critic in there, the one that sabotages us and says, you know, I'm not good enough or unwanted or unloved or something like that. Let's see. We also, there's sessions around like the emotional freedom technique, which is the tapping Is any of this ringing a bell? Like, is any of it resonating?

12:35 - Kathleen
Yeah, yeah, it doesn't really ring a bell, but yeah, it's very interesting. After you tell me these things, or if you share your list, then I'll have to look them up so I can learn a little bit more to see what might be.

12:48 - Chris Birky
Yeah, I mean, you know, we don't send a list out just because it's so much for a client to own. Like actually absorb just overwhelming. So I have a better idea now that you've shared a few different insights with me of what you know is more intriguing to you. And so I'll put together a list of different sessions that I think will be most pertinent based off what you just shared and based off you know helping get you that reset. And then we'll set up a call next week sometime. We'll go through it together and if you know at some they're like, yeah, I think there's still something missing or whatever the case would be. We'll explore more detail at that point.

13:29 - Kathleen
Sounds good.

13:32 - Chris Birky
What's your schedule like next week?

13:34 - Kathleen
Oh, I hate, I hate talking about my schedule. Oh my God. Because yeah, I just, you know, I'm late for meetings now. That's why I signed on so early with your call. Well, I got, let me sign on early so I'm not late.

13:50 - Chris Birky
Let it be early this time.

13:52 - Kathleen
Yeah, because, you know, I'm late 10 and then, you know, hey, I get charged late charge because no show fee, you know?

14:01 - Chris Birky
So I've been doing those a lot. You won't get any of that here, I promise.

14:04 - Kathleen
I get that a lot with my Zoom medical folks.

14:09 - Chris Birky
Oh, yeah.

14:11 - Kathleen
100 bucks, you didn't show. I was like, no, I was there, but 10 minutes late. They said, no, it was 14. I thought it was 14. I saw that you signed it.

14:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh my God.

14:22 - Kathleen
14 after.

14:25 - Chris Birky
It's the worst. That is the worst.

14:28 - Kathleen
All right, so what have you got for next week as far as time?

14:34 - Chris Birky
You

14:42 - Kathleen
It doesn't matter, I'm gonna have to make time, because I scheduled two things. I think I'm gonna be around on Monday. I think I'm gonna, it's the day after the Superbowl. How the hell they want us to go And it's not even that I'm watching the Superbowl. I watch and then I watch the end. That's I jump ahead, you know?

15:06 - Chris Birky
I can't honestly tell you the last time I watched a Superbowl.

15:13 - Kathleen
Yeah, it's all about the party for me. All about the party. I'll have a party at my house and I don't have a care to watch it. It's like, call me when the halftime show comes on.

15:26 - Chris Birky
Love it. Well, is like morning, afternoon, what's better for you?

15:31 - Kathleen
Morning is best for me. Let's say Monday, sometime in the morning, because then after that I can get my day started. I can go out or whatever. So that's the best thing, because once my day gets started, then I'll probably forget. I get pulled into so many other things in so many different directions.

15:52 - Chris Birky
The only thing I have Monday morning is a 10 AM my time, which will be a noon your time.

16:00 - Kathleen
10 AM, noon. I guess that'll work.

16:04 - Chris Birky
I mean, we could, if morning is preferred, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday.

16:10 - Kathleen
Yeah, I just want to leave those days open in case I want to go to the gym in the morning. I'm trying to leave room for that because I got to, you know, make sure that I'm keep going.

16:22 - Chris Birky
I get it.

16:23 - Kathleen
Yeah, the with appointments, that's what happens. It helps. It bumps, bumps, you know, puts other things come up. Let's just say that.

16:37 - Chris Birky
I get it. So noon, noon your time on Monday works.

16:44 - Kathleen
Oh, yeah, noon should be fine.

16:45 - Chris Birky
Okay, then I'll update this calendar invite. And then I'll put to make sure that we charge you 100 bucks if you don't show yes for no show. Just kidding. So that'll be 10 o'clock my time noon your We'll spend like 30 minutes together. I'll go over each session, why I suggested it, all that good stuff. And then at that point, you can tell me what we need to do to make adjustments.

17:15 - Kathleen
Is it cold in the morning there?

17:17 - Chris Birky
It is pretty chilly in the morning.

17:19 - Kathleen
Well, like 55 or 60? No, more like 40, 35, 40 right now.

17:24 - Chris Birky
35, 40 the morning? Yeah, we're in the desert.

17:26 - Kathleen
So there's always a 20 from night I didn't know Arizona got that cool. But then it goes all the way up to 70 during the day?

17:41 - Unidentified Speaker
That's correct.

17:42 - Kathleen
Wow, that's extreme.

17:44 - Chris Birky
It is pretty extreme. Like right now, there's literally a 30 to 40 difference from morning to afternoon.

17:52 - Kathleen
That does a lot to many different things. Confuses plants.

17:57 - Chris Birky
Sure does. For sure.

18:01 - Kathleen
It does confuse plants.

18:03 - Chris Birky
That's for sure.

18:06 - Kathleen
All right. Sounds good. So I look forward to hearing from you on Monday.

18:12 - Chris Birky
Noon your time and I'll share my screen. We'll go over everything. Make sure it's super clear for you. And then we'll go from there.

18:20 - Kathleen
Sounds good. Thank you. All right.

18:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Have a good weekend. Bye bye.

18:23 - Unidentified Speaker
You too. Bye bye.